Environment variables docs (#775)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-environment-variables.md

When setting up or editing a job, you will see a section for overriding environment variables. Every job is specified to run in a specific, deployment environment, and by default, a job will inherit the values set at the environment level for the environment in which it runs. If you'd like to set a different value at the job level, edit the value to override it.

[TO CREATE GIF]

**Overridng environment variables at the personal level**

Developers may also want to set a personal value override for an environment variable while developing in the dbt IDE. By default, dbt Cloud will look to use environment variable values set in the project's development environment. To see and override these values, developers should head to their Profile and then select their project under Credentials and scroll to the Environment Variables section. 

[TO CREATE GIF]

To supply an override, developers can edit and specify a different value to use. These values will be respected in the IDE both for the Results and Compiled SQL tabs.

[TO CREATE GIF]

:::info Appropriate coverage

> If you have not set a project level default value for every environment variable, it may be possible that dbt Cloud does not know how to interpret the value of an environment variable in all contexts. We leave it to our users to either supply a default or make sure all scenarios where dbt runs have been covered; otherwise, dbt will throw a compile error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not set a project level default value for every environment variable, it may be possible that dbt Cloud does not know how to interpret the value of an environment variable in all contexts. You should either supply a default value or ensure that specific environment variables are specified for all relevant environments; otherwise, dbt will throw a compile error.
```

Reviewer: I don't feel *incredibly* attached to this specific wording, but I think we should avoid talking about "we" as the people who make dbt Cloud and we should definitely avoid using the possessive "we" when talking about dbt Cloud users.

:::

### Handling secrets

> While all environment variables are encrypted in our database regardless of whether they are secrets or not, we want to apply extra care when using environment variables as secrets. If you want a particular environment variable to be scrubbed from all logs and error messages, in addition to obfuscating the value in the UI, you need to prefix the key with `DBT_ENV_SECRET_`. This functionality is supported from `dbt v0.21.0` and on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While all environment variables are encrypted at rest in dbt Cloud, dbt Cloud has additional capabilities for managing environment variables with secret or otherwise sensitive values. If you want a particular environment variable to be scrubbed from all logs and error messages, in addition to obfuscating the value in the UI, you can prefix the key with `DBT_ENV_SECRET_`. This functionality is supported from `dbt v0.21.0` and on. 
```

- `DBT_CLOUD_PR_ID`: The Pull Request ID in the connected version control system
- `DBT_CLOUD_GIT_SHA`: The git commit SHA which is being run for this Pull Request build

### Example usage

Environment variables can be used in many ways, and they give you the power and flexibility to do what you want to do, more easily in dbt Cloud.

#### Clone private packages
Now that you can set secrets as environment variables, you can pass git tokens into your package HTTPS URLs to allow for on-the-fly cloning of private repositories. Read more about enabling [private package cloning](/building-a-dbt-project/package-management#private-packages).
#### Dynamically set your warehouse in your Snowflake connection

> Environment variables can make overriding warehouses possible.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables can make it simpler to override a Snowflake virtual warehouse for specific dbt Cloud jobs or environments.  
```

> Suppose you'd like to set your warehouse in Snowflake depending on the job. You'd like to run a full-refresh job in a XL warehouse, but your incremental job only needs to run in a medium-sized warehouse. Both jobs run in the same dbt environment. In your connection configuration, you should use an environment variable to set the warehouse name to `{{env_var('WAREHOUSE')}}`. Then depending on the job, the value can be interpretted to different warehouse names corresponding to the appropriate size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose you'd like to set your warehouse in Snowflake to different values for different jobs. You'd like to run a full-refresh job in an XL warehouse, but your incremental job only needs to run in a medium-sized warehouse. Both jobs are configured in the same dbt Cloud environment. In your connection configuration, you can use an environment variable to set the warehouse name to `{{env_var('WAREHOUSE')}}`. Then in the job configuration, different values for the `WAREHOUSE` environment variable can be specified to dynamically configure different warehouses for each workload.
```
